Ideas and possible features:

WE HAVE A PARTNER-TIER API KEY WITH IGDB!!! \o/
  --- Means we can utilize and implement features we couldn't before :>
Bugs:
  Keeping saying something like "Find games like this" will cause weird behavior.
    Would be cool if this driver only worked if there were games to pick from; or only accessible on certain screens.
  A game may not have a "similar_games" field, this is something we cannot control;
    If a user attempts to find a gamesLike on a game without similar games, we will run into errors for empty fields.
  Can't seem to figure out how to use my own input-views in the filters. Picking release range, for example, cannot select games in the history.
    But after spending 2 days on making filters interactable... i'm taking it. x3

Recommend adding (Suspected difficulty)
  Rework / redesign result/details screen to make it more visually attractive. (Hard)
    Added Ratings and Genres to summary page; perhaps more?
    Added web-link button on details page with respective icons.
  Display Age Rating (easy)
  Release  Status / date? (Easy-medium)

Maybe adding
  "Pagination", Store offset (for search) in a concept; have a conversation drivers to incrment or decrement offset
  Adding icons to the details screen to add some ZING!
    Added icons with redirect links
  Blacklist (IE: exclude "Erotic" theme)
    Erotic is currently hardcoded exclusion from queries (it comes up too much in popularity results).

Probably won't add:
  Out of scope / Bonus features:
    Rate from the app (May require user login, maybe redirect instead?)
    Take the game ID and ping their feed API for news / media stuff 
    If Mobile game, check if user already own the game / offer to play if they do. (Not sure if possible)
    
IMPLEMENTED:
  Add visual option to "find games like" ("Find games like this" is implemented)
  Multiple filters on same category, :IE Search for games on both PS4 and Xbox One
  Active filters visible / interactable to the user (HAAARD T-T)
  Ask for list of categories / genres / themes
  Bring up tiles / options for the user to see and scroll through
  Implement redirect links to external websites (Medium?)
    platform == android, offer option to redirect to playstore
  Pagination "Show me more" (easy-medium?) 
  
  